1. The process of buying a home is stressful, and she is well connected and represented us in the purchasing of a new home. She helped line up the inspections and walked us through each step of the purchasing and closing process. She also maintained close contact with the builders and sellers' agent to ensure that modifications required by the building inspectors were performed. We're incredibly happy with the condition of our home and appreciate Theresa's support and guidance during this process.

2. I live out of state and wanted to move to Tucson after having made several trips there. Moving from out of state can be an exceedingly difficult process, especially when you don’t know many of the specifics as a long-time resident would. Theresa worked tirelessly for me and provided me with resources along the way. She showed me a myriad of houses over zoom, and in-person. She quickly learned what I was looking for in a home and translated that into homes that would work for me. When I visited Tucson on house-hunting trips, she showed me the different areas of town so I could decide where I wanted to live. She made it fun and wasn’t pushy about making a sale. She used every opportunity for a home showing to learn more about what I wanted. When the time came to buy a home ((which I finally did)), represented my interests as an out-of-state buyer. She freely shared her advice and knowledge, for which I am appreciative. I highly recommend Theresa Simmons Brown for your next real estate agent. Don’t sell yourself short by choosing anyone else.

3. I may not be in the market again but, I will DEFINITELY give her name out to everyone I know moving forward.

4. We have used her twice. We highly recommend her: prompt, professional, a tireless advocate for her clients!

5. She went above & beyond, which was so very appreciated. She’s so knowledgeable and very thorough and made the home buying process seamless. I highly recommend her & Long Realty.

6. We met Theresa before the shut down and she still kept going doing a great job at showing us houses but keeping us and herself as safe as possible. Great at negotiating terms and we closed fast especially considering these Times. After closing Theresa is still here for us providing resources and contacts to upgrade what we would like. She likes her job and is great with people and communication. We will use her again for our next home. Definitely recommend to anyone."ivan dez

7. Her expertise, responsiveness and communication throughout made the whole process as seamless and stress free as possible. Thank you!

8. She really doesn't care what price range you're going for, she will do her best to work in your means and put you as a priority regardless.

9. If you are looking for a realtor who is the model for professional, helpful, accommodating, and results oriented home selling and buying look no further. I would recommend Theresa to family, friends, and strangers. You cannot go wrong and will find the process stress-free and personally fulfilling. She is an absolute joy to work with.

10. Theresa was responsive and kept us updated. In this turbulent real estate market her expertise and knowledge was so helpful. I would not hesitate to refer or utilize her services.

11. My home buying experience is just starting, and she has been patient and helpful. I am looking forward to buying my first home when the time comes, thanks to her help."Martin mccoy

12. ! She is the most sweetest person I have ever met. She explains everything thoroughly and keeps you up to date weekly. She always got back to me the same day by email, text and phone, even when she is was on vacation! She also has all the hook ups for contractors, termite inspectors and flooring. She really took care of everything to make sure the sell of my house was smooth as possible. Thank you Theresa for everything and will recommend you to my friends and family!!

13. She kept us informed every step of the way. She looked out for our interests and not only helped us sell our old house quickly, but helped us find the perfect place to move into.

14. Very friendly and always prompt with the communication. Would recommend to everyone.

15. She works hard, listens and is available and responsive when needed to help us with something. Theresa will do all that she can do. We are very pleased and know that she has our best interests at heart. What a lovely and wonderful person to work with in this moving / confusing / emotional time. We are blessed with Theresa. Thank you for all that you do.

16. She is very knowledgeable and helped us every step of the way. She constantly went above and beyond to make our experience great.

17. Simmons Brown by chance after finding a listing I wasn't even sure I would want to pursue. I'm also a first time home buyer, so this process isn't familiar to me. She was patient, empathetic and took time to address all my questions and concerns. She was readily available and I never felt rushed or blown off. At no point did I ever feel pressured to make a decision or into a direction I was uncomfortable going. This was a fantastic experience and I look forward to the next chapter in my life with my daughter in our new home.

18. Her patience and support through the entire process was invaluable, including assistance and follow-up after the closing. We highly recommend Theresa.

19. We made two trips to Tucson from Cincinnati looking for a home, but did not find one that felt right. We ended up finding one remotely and Theresa was so helpful with that, I know it was more work for her, but she did a great job.

20. She reviewed our home for ideas on staging. Ideas like adding an entertainment center under the TV, adding a bedframe. Both of these were inexpensive from Wayfair and helped. She also encouraged us to declutter. It took a couple of days to setup up a storage unit and declutter the house and garage, totally worth it. She also provided recommendations on the backyard/frontyard and how to stage the planters and what needed to go before showing the property. She created videos using innovative technology with aerial views of our property and home. The property sold in a tough environment at a fair price. Greatly appreciate her knowledge and expertise in the Vail, Tucson markets. I highly recommend Theresa if you need to sell your home."

21. She structured my last minute offer in such a manner that it was accepted amongst several competing offers! She expertly & patiently guided me throughout the escrow process in a way that reduced this 1st time buyer’s stress. I felt that I was her ONLY CLIENT! Her immediate response to all my queries set my mind at ease. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you select Theresa as your realtor! She will go above & beyond anyone to exceed your expectations! I could write an essay to share all her professional attributes as a seasoned and sweet advocate for you! CHOSE THERESA!!! ??????????

22. ..are the two words that best describe Theresa! In this tough housing market, we had move quickly. She was always ready to show me a house, make a phone call to the selling agent. She asked all the right questions, anticipated challenges, and was proactive. She was looking out for me 100%. Thank you, Theresa!

23. Her suggested asking price was spot on, it was what the house sold for. She walked us through all of the steps and when something needed more explaining, she was able to help us understand. Most of all she communicates and has a fantastic personality. I HIGHLY recommend her if/when you need a realtor.

24. We were incredibly impressed and grateful for Theresa’s knowledge throughout the home-buying process as first-time home buyers. She educated us through each step of the process from pre-approvals to closing and reminded us of the steps as we went through the home buying process. Theresa is a phenomenal communicator, she answered every call, text and pro-actively communicated information we did not know to ask. Her negotiation skills were crucial to us and helped expedite the closing on our home (< 31 days!) I cannot stress how much support and guidance Theresa provided us. She made the overwhelming process feel easy and I am forever grateful she was a part of this big moment.

25. She made the process so so easy. She did all the due diligent, which gave us assurance. Very responsive and proactive to make sure the process is going smoothly and nothing goes unseen and unaddressed

26. Theresa is truly an amazing person to work with and she makes you feel like family. I will definitely be calling her for all of my future real estate needs. I highly recommend her for anyone who is new to buying or selling a home.

27. She was extremely knowledgeable and helped me each step of the process. Her recommendations and input was invaluable. She was very quick to get back to me when I needed anything and didn’t make me feel like it was a burden. I felt very confident with Theresa in my corner and would use her again in a heartbeat.

28. She answered all our questions & gave us reassurance & guidance when needed. When we were house hunting she always was prepared and informed of all the properties she showed us. Theresa is really wonderful at what she does & if the time comes that we buy/sell a home again I have all the confidence that she’ll be the realtor that will get it done for us.

29. Being from out of state we needed more guidance than most regarding the home buying process in AZ and Theresa’s expertise was invaluable. We encountered some complications during the process with inspection issues that Theresa helped us navigate and resolve. We would highly recommend Theresa to other home buyers or home sellers.

30. When I was nervous, she use to encourage me. So I’d like to always stuck on her. Of course I’m happy she sold my house. She is a excellent business woman.

31. She sat with us explaining every step we needed to work on and listened to our requests very patiently. We love her energy and cheerful character!!

32. Since I was buying from out of town, I trusted her with all the paperwork, showing, dealing with inspection, etc, and Theresa delivered well beyond my expectations! I will definitely recommend Theresa to my friends and family in Tucson and plan on working with her during my next property purchase. THANK YOU THERESA!!

33. Everything about the process was simple and easily taken care of when something did crop up. We would highly recommend her services to anyone looking to list their house and/or buy a house.

34. especially with my difficult situation and issues. I couldn't thank enough. Theresa Simmons Brown "" She is the Best. Thank you

35. Being new to Arizona and unfamiliar with the process of purchasing a home in Tucson, Theresa was unbelievably knowledgeable and helpful. She kept us informed throughout the entire process; she tracked all the various documents, appointments, deadlines, deliverables, etc.; she ensured that the sellers and their agents met all their contractual obligations; and she advocated tirelessly for us! Theresa also provided much-needed and very helpful referrals for establishing our new primary residence here in Tucson. I highly recommend Theresa, and would certainly engage her services again if the need arises.

36. She goes above and beyond to offer quality advice and service to make the process of home buying stress free. She is extremely knowledgeable and made sure to keep us in the loop. She knew all the right people to call, had inspections lined up, and took care of all the small details to keep the process smooth. Highly recommend! We will definitely use her services for any future home buying!!!

37. .showed us everything we wanted to see, gave great referrals for service providers,, and most importantly, did so with great knowledge and patience as we made our decisions. Could not be more pleased!

38. I can't recommend her enough. She was professional and knowledgeable and even showed up to help us pack and move. She really went above and beyond for us.

39. She helped us when we purchased our home in Tucson in 2021 and when we sold that home in 2025. She was a tireless advocate for our interests and went the extra mile in marketing our home. We went through a couple of iterations to get the listing and photos just as we wanted them and she was supportive along the way, sending the photographer back for some additional shots. She is responsive and communicative. Five out of five stars! Ron and Keri

